[DOCS-858] Adding log processing rule examples for docker and K8s (#7273)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/logs/advanced_log_collection.md

To send only a specific subset of logs to Datadog use the `log_processing_rules` parameter in your configuration file with the **exclude_at_match** or **include_at_match** `type`.

### exclude_at_match

| Parameter          | Description                                                                                        |
|--------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `exclude_at_match` | If the specified pattern is contained in the message, the log is excluded and not sent to Datadog. |

> For example, **filtering OUT** logs that contain a Datadog email address, use the following `log_processing_rules`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to **filter OUT** logs that contain a Datadog email address, use the following `log_processing_rules`:
```

        }]
      }]
```

**Note**: Escape regex characters in your patterns when using labels. For example, `\d` becomes `\\d`, `\w` becomes `\\w`, etc.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Kubernetes" %}}

In a Kubernetes environment, use the pod annotation `ad.datadoghq.com` on your pod to specify the `log_processing_rules`, for example:

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: ReplicaSet
metadata:
  name: cardpayment
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: cardpayment
  template:
    metadata:
      annotations:
        ad.datadoghq.com/cardpayment.logs: >-
          [{
            "source": "java",
            "service": "cardpayment",
            "log_processing_rules": [{
              "type": "exclude_at_match",
              "name": "exclude_datadoghq_users",
              "pattern" : "\\w+@datadoghq.com"
            }]
          }]
      labels:
        app: cardpayment
      name: cardpayment
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: cardpayment
          image: cardpayment:latest
```

**Note**: Escape regex characters in your patterns when using pod annotations. For example, `\d` becomes `\\d`, `\w` becomes `\\w`, etc.

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> 

Reviewer 2: Add a link to the FAQ/guide to So the the user can have more example of classique scrubbing rules.

Author: link is in its own section already on the page :)

### include_at_match

| Parameter          | Description                                                                       |
|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `include_at_match` | Only logs with a message that includes the specified pattern are sent to Datadog. |

> For example, **filtering IN** logs that contain a Datadog email address, use the following `log_processing_rules`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to **filter IN** logs that contain a Datadog email address, use the following `log_processing_rules`:
```

apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: ReplicaSet
metadata:
  name: cardpayment
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: cardpayment
  template:
    metadata:
      annotations:
        ad.datadoghq.com/cardpayment.logs: >-
          [{
            "source": "java",
            "service": "cardpayment",
            "log_processing_rules": [{
              "type": "mask_sequences",
              "name": "mask_credit_cards",
              "pattern" : "(?:4[0-9]{12}(?:[0-9]{3})?|[25][1-7][0-9]{14}|6(?:011|5[0-9][0-9])[0-9]{12}|3[47][0-9]{13}|3(?:0[0-5]|[68][0-9])[0-9]{11}|(?:2131|1800|35\\d{3})\\d{11})"
            }]
          }]
      labels:
        app: cardpayment
      name: cardpayment
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: cardpayment
          image: cardpayment:latest
```

**Note**: Escape regex characters in your patterns when using pod annotations. For example, `\d` becomes `\\d`, `\w` becomes `\\w`, etc.

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

With Agent version 7.17+, the `replace_placeholder` string can expand references to capture groups such as `$1`, `$2` and so forth. If you want a string to follow the capture group with no space in between, use the format `${<GROUP_NUMBER>}`.

> For instance, to scrub user information from the log `User email: foo.bar@example.com`, using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, to scrub user information from the log `User email: foo.bar@example.com`, use:
```

* `pattern: "(User email: )[^@]*@(.*)"`
* `replace_placeholder: "$1 masked_user@${2}"`

> Would send the following log to Datadog: `User email: masked_user@example.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sends the following log to Datadog: `User email: masked_user@example.com`
```
